To see: 
	A: Can we have sub-variables of a mother variable? Is it class? noted this in doc 1 - CANCELLED
	A: Place a patent?

	DONE last time
	
		(see doc 1, 2, see github)

	SUBJECTS
	
		A: presentation of workspace (how it works)
		overview on doc 1
		A T: How to prove source haven't been falsified (T: e.g example hunter biden laptop)
			Proof by the script (showing the code)
			Reverse the charge of the proof (the source author will have to prove that sourceflow copy was modified from his original?
			Based on trust of Sourceflow?
			
		T: If a website is taken down, we can say "then why did you take it down"?
			T: Prove on internet organization the links existed
			
		T: If sourceflow is taken down
			A: Putting on tor browser
			T: Blockchain apps cannot be taken down? making it a blockchain app
				Scientists could be using blockchain if its the case
		
		T: Whats a source? e.g "a journalist says that trump said that..." what entries do we prove as a who?
	
			A: 
				Source is a document
				The author of a source will have its name in the "who" field
				Every basic information fields will have many entries (in press article: press company name + journalist + ...)
				if it's text, the journalist said that trump said that... = secondary source, the author is the journalist, not trump
				If a source is emmited the first time, it's a primary source, if it's the second time, it's being cited, so it's a secondary source
				If the speech of trump is text, author is the journalist
				If the speech is a video or audio (eg: interview), the broadcaster, the interviewer, and interviewee are authors
					NOTE: the authors can be identified
					
					If the speech of trump is text, author is the journalist
				if its a speech (who said what), Trump saying something in a video, the video is the source
				The journalist that shares the video in a press article is the secondary source of trumps speech video
				
				if it's a video/audio/picture and is the first time you see this video/audio/picture, then it's the primary source
				
			A T: 
				The arguments exists only if it has sharers
				If the sharer is a person from sourceflow, it has a source associated with it, which is from "sourceflow" website, and the sharer is the person from sourceflow that said it
				A: Argument: element in thesis
				premise: daughter argument
				Conclusion: mother argument

			A: you never delete a source
			
			Is mentioning quotations in every sources heavy?
			
			Source saving: when a source changes remotely, only information that has changed be stored
	TO DO
	
		A:
			Finish "models" part
			Define all the entries
			Yellow highlight the temporary/non approved/unsure stuff
		T: 
			Start programming